Multisite revision (#1406)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/multisite/injecting_siteaccess.md

# Injecting SiteAccess

> The [service container](../service_container.md) exposes the SiteAccess as the `@ezpublish.siteaccess` service,

Author: ```suggestion
The [service container](../service_container.md) exposes the SiteAccess as the `@ezpublish.siteaccess` service,
```

> The [service container](../service_container.md) exposes the SiteAccess as the `@ezpublish.siteaccess` service,
> so you can inject it using setter injection into any custom service.
> The service should implement the `eZ\Publish\Core\MVC\Symfony\SiteAccess\SiteAccessAware` interface.
> 
> For example, define a service which depends on the Repository's ContentService and the current SiteAccess.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [service container](../service_container.md) exposes the SiteAccess through the `@ezpublish.siteaccess_service` service, which fulfills the `\eZ\Publish\Core\MVC\Symfony\SiteAccess\SiteAccessServiceInterface` contract, 
so you can inject it into any custom service constructor, type hinting the mentioned contract. Current SiteAccess can be obtained from that service by calling `SiteAccessServiceInterface::getCurrent` method.

For example, define a service which depends on the Repository's ContentService and the SiteAccessService.
```

> The [service container](../service_container.md) exposes the SiteAccess as the `@ezpublish.siteaccess` service,
> so you can inject it using setter injection into any custom service.
> The service should implement the `eZ\Publish\Core\MVC\Symfony\SiteAccess\SiteAccessAware` interface.
> 
> For example, define a service which depends on the Repository's ContentService and the current SiteAccess.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
The [service container](../service_container.md) exposes the SiteAccess through the `@ezpublish.siteaccess_service` service, which fulfills the `\eZ\Publish\Core\MVC\Symfony\SiteAccess\SiteAccessServiceInterface` contract.
This means you can inject it into any custom service constructor, type hinting that contract.
You can get the current SiteAccess from that service by calling the `SiteAccessServiceInterface::getCurrent` method.
	
For example, define a service which depends on the Repository's ContentService and the SiteAccessService.

```

# Injecting SiteAccess

The [service container](../service_container.md) exposes the SiteAccess as the `@ezpublish.siteaccess` service,
so you can inject it using setter injection into any custom service.
The service should implement the `eZ\Publish\Core\MVC\Symfony\SiteAccess\SiteAccessAware` interface.

For example, define a service which depends on the Repository's ContentService and the current SiteAccess.

``` yaml
services:
    App\MyService:
        arguments: ['@ezpublish.api.service.content']
        calls:
            - [setSiteAccess, ['@ezpublish.siteaccess']]
```

``` php

> namespace App;
> 
> use eZ\Publish\API\Repository\ContentService;
> use eZ\Publish\Core\MVC\Symfony\SiteAccess;
> use eZ\Publish\Core\MVC\Symfony\SiteAccess\SiteAccessAware;
> 
> class MyService implements SiteAccessAware
> {
>     /**
>      * @var \eZ\Publish\API\Repository\ContentService
>      */
>     private $contentService;
> 
>     /**
>      * @var \eZ\Publish\Core\MVC\Symfony\SiteAccess
>      */
>     private $siteAccess;
> 
>     public function __construct(ContentService $contentService)
>     {
>         $this->contentService = $contentService;
>     }
> 
>     public function setSiteAccess(SiteAccess $siteAccess = null)
>     {
>         $this->siteAccess = $siteAccess;
>     }
> }

Reviewer: Following the previous comment:
```suggestion
declare(strict_types=1);

namespace App;

use eZ\Publish\API\Repository\ContentService;
use eZ\Publish\Core\MVC\Symfony\SiteAccess\SiteAccessServiceInterface;

class MyService
{
    /** @var \eZ\Publish\API\Repository\ContentService */
    private $contentService;

    /** @var \eZ\Publish\Core\MVC\Symfony\SiteAccess\SiteAccessServiceInterface */
    private $siteAccessService;

    public function __construct(
        SiteAccessServiceInterface $siteAccessService,
        ContentService $contentService
    ) {
        $this->siteAccessService = $siteAccessService;
        $this->contentService = $contentService;
    }
}
```
